you know for kids Halloween candies it's
a sacred thing for a lot of them it's
the first time they ever earn anything
so a few years ago we had an idea for a
massive prank that parents could pull on
their children I asked parents to
pretend they ate all their kids
Halloween candy record video of their
child's reaction and upload it to
YouTube with the title hey Jimmy Kimmel
I told my kids I ate all their Halloween
candy this is the third year we've done
this and we got an avalanche of great
responses this year it took us the whole
weekend to go through them but we did
and we piece together some of our
favorites and so without further ado the
candy monster strikes again last night
we ate every bit of your Halloween candy
ah
we ate it I'm so sorry
we got hungry
know what I got will deal with you what
G no but
come on los caminos candies my candy
oh I'm sorry okay you wanna go finish
your cereal cereal do a nerd night we're
really sorry but we actually ate all
your candy
we accidentally ate a lot of Halloween
candy
did you busy mom DG all of it
don't tell me you ate all of it you know
that we should cut down on sweets anyway
I want to eat more healthy only you take
your healthy suspicion fat I hate all
you guys candy but you don't even have a
gallbladder we ate all the candy are you
serious yeah you're naked
yes hey guys guess what we're just
kidding
all the candies are not in the laundry
room I ate all your candy why because I
was hungry
what
god I'm a mom hey all your Halloween
candy oh it's okay
yeah I'll Terence thanks for letting us
eat your candy hey look you love us yeah
oh my look like Jimmy Kimmel Jimmy
Kimmel my mom ate all my Halloween candy
hey Jimmy kiddo
Jimmy Kimmel told me to do this you told
me to eat all your candy he doesn't like
you ah why do you do that
and ate all your Halloween candy
yesterday
ha you're gonna call her she's at school
with my mechanic she can't bring it to
you is gone she ate it
dad the mouths of babes thanks to all
these kids and their terrible parents
who fixed if you take that possible
you